docs: update link to prometheus lib in metrics module (#2950)
libp2p/js-libp2p: doc/METRICS.md

## Extracting metrics

> Metrics implementations will allow extracting the values for presentation in an external system. For example here is how to use the metrics implementation from `@libp2p/prometheus-metrics` to enable scraping stats to display in [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) or a [Graphana](https://grafana.com/) dashboard. For more information, you can view our [Prometheus Metrics API Docs](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/tree/main/packages/metrics-prometheus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics implementations will allow extracting the values for presentation in an external system. For example here is how to use the metrics implementation from `@libp2p/prometheus-metrics` to enable scraping stats to display in [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) or a [Graphana](https://grafana.com/) dashboard. For more information, you can view our [Prometheus Metrics API Docs](https://libp2p.github.io/js-libp2p/modules/_libp2p_prometheus_metrics.html)
```

Author: Thanks for the clarification, @achingbrain ! I've updated the link to point to the correct API docs as suggested. Let me know if any further changes are needed :)
